PROJECT MEMBERS : 
Narayanan PS  - https://github.com/NarayananPS
Hariprasaad S - https://github.com/hariprasaadssalem
Kannan SR

					ABSTRACT
The natural tendency of humans is to compare various things or items before arriving at a particular decision. The item under comparison may be any entity such as a product, a food item, a company or anything. A Comparative Question compares two or more such entities. Usually while comparing entities, people might also be interested in knowing the alternatives. 
The main aim of this project is to provide alternatives when people post comparative questions online. The alternatives can be from the same or a different domain. This project also focuses on providing the alternatives from the same as well as different domain.
In order to achieve this, the entities are mined from a Question Collection. An approach is provided in this project to mine the entities as well as predict the domain of those entities which will be provided as the alternatives.

Note:
1. Ensure you download the necessary library jar files.
2. Execute the MainModule.java file.


Sample Input:
Which is better Google or Bing?

Output:
YaHoo
Baidu
DuckDuckGo
...

Based on this IEEE paper : http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/articleDetails.jsp?reload=true&arnumber=6042862

Description: 
1. This project uses a Hybridized model which is a combination of the Pattern based and Heuristics based approach specified in the base paper.
2. The entities that are compared in the user query are extracted using Stanford POS Tagger.
3. Then the Pattern based and Heuristic approaches are used to determine whether the user question is a comparative question or not.
4. If the question is comparative the alternative comparables entities are extracted from our existing Web Corpora.
5. The alternative comparable entities are then ranked according to the frequency-based and graph-based approach as specified in the base paper.
6. The Hybridized model was found to provide a better F-Score value.
